[CNSMR-3226] - Application Distribution documentation (#304)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/ApplicationDistribution.md

# Application Distribution

> This document is for any Babylon iOS developers who wish to distribute our applications, or for any partners who wish to gain access to our applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document is for Babylon iOS developers for distribution of our applications internally, to other Babylon employees, or externally, to our partners.
 ```

Reviewer 2: I think this reads better with your suggestion, keeping the `who wish` part in it - what do you think?

Reviewer: sure. That is ok

## How to gain access to iOS applications
### External Babylon partners
* If you are an external partner of Babylon, please speak with your Babylon contact who will arrange this for you

### Babylon Employees
* If you are a Babylon employee, please reach out to the current iOS support engineer(s) in the #ios slack channel

> * You will also need to have [App Center](https://github.com/babylonhealth/ios-playbook/blob/simon/cnsmr-3226/Cookbook/Technical-Documents/AppCenter.md) installed

Reviewer: This document should not be intended for anyone other than iOS developers.

Instead I would focus on the process form this point of view:
```
 Requests to grant access must be through #ios channel and it must list each app they need access for. 
```
 You should list here which apps are eligible for each group. Keep in mind that Babylon meplyeees can have access to Testflight if they need to.

Reviewer 2: @viorel15 by `which apps are eligible for each group` can you explain further what you mean by group here please? Is the `group` here relating to internal vs external?

Reviewer: Yes, that is what I meant. Employees vs partners

Reviewer 2: I've made some changes - please let me know your thoughts @viorel15

## Distribution of iOS applications

> ### Distributing to a Babylon employee

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Distributing to AppCenter
```

Reviewer 2: I'm going to rename this to `Distributing via App Center`

* Ask the person who is requesting access for their `@babylonhealth.com` email address
* Follow [this guide](https://github.com/babylonhealth/ios-playbook/blob/simon/cnsmr-3226/Cookbook/Technical-Documents/AppCenter.md#adding-people-to-the-organisation) to invite them to our App Center builds

> ### Distributing to an external partner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Distributing to TestFlight
```

Reviewer 2: As above, will change this to `Distributing via Testflight`
